# FireEye Data Analysis and Management

This repository contains Python code for analyzing and managing FireEye agent data. The code includes data analysis, data merging, and stale agent cleanup tasks. The repository aims to provide insights into agent versions, operating systems, and data enrichment.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Make sure you have the required dependencies installed. You can install them using the following command:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt


3. **Run the Jupyter Notebook:** Launch Jupyter Notebook and open the `fireeye_analysis.ipynb` notebook to execute the analysis and management tasks.

## Code Overview

The Jupyter Notebook `fireeye_analysis.ipynb` contains code for various tasks related to FireEye agent data analysis and management:

- Fetching FireEye Agent Data using the `hx_get_hosts` function.
- Data Transformation and Analysis using pandas and other libraries.
- Generating Pivot Tables for Agent Versions and OS Types.
- Creating Excel Documents for Analysis Results.
- Enriching Data with Power BI and BigFix Information.
- Merging Datasets and Creating Enriched Excel Documents.
- Deleting Stale Agents using the FireEye API.

## Results

The analysis results, enriched datasets, and curated data are stored in Excel documents that are generated by the code. These documents provide insights into agent versions, OS types, Power BI and BigFix data, as well as merged and curated datasets.

## Contributing

Contributions to this repository are welcome! If you find any issues or improvements, please feel free to create a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

This project utilizes the FireEye API and various Python libraries for data analysis and management. Thanks to the authors of these libraries for their contributions.

---

For detailed code and usage examples, refer to the [Jupyter Notebook](fireeye_analysis.ipynb).

For any questions or inquiries, contact [MoroseCode](mailto:moroseCode@hooligandev.world).
